okay so today I'll be unboxing kind of a
different product I don't do many sort
of okay I guess we've done those pads in
the past fine this is the pure track
talent and basically they are saying
that this is pretty much the best
mousing surface ever okay so they're
saying it's a super soft cloth service
used by top professional gamers and they
have a couple of a couple of gaming
brands on here that they support so
they're saying they support complexity
gaming calm as well as lowland lion's
calm okay so what they're saying is
unique about this particular product it
is really thick so that that means that
you have a flat surface regardless of
whether your table is actually
completely flat they're also saying that
the printing on the top of the pier
track talent is conducive to precise
tracking with laser and optical mice so
why don't we get this thing open here
and find out what we see inside so if
you can see the talent coiled up here as
well as what appears to be some
documentation inside okay so what do we
got we have a printed sheet free
Ventrilo for 30 days whatever you can
use the code whoever watches first
there's your free Ventrilo for 30 days
code no contracts no hidden fees no
small text okay with this offer you'll
get free 10 user accounts blah blah blah
okay that's kind of cool so that comes
with the pure track talent mousepad I
see something else in here - oh okay so
you've got a peer track sticker that you
can stick to your stuff whatever it is
that you have okay so then all that's
left is to take out the mousepad itself
and hopefully I'll have some time to do
some in the notations here with my
impressions I use an Akari and laser
mouse for my gaming so wow this thing is
huge okay so that is quite a large
mousing surface and the first thing I
noticed about it
and this is something I think is really
smart is check out the shape okay check
out the aspect ratio so to speak this is
a widescreen mousepad most of the other
mouse pads on the market are actually
four to three just like an old-school
monitor whereas this looks
more like a sixteen to ten sort of
aspect ratio so it means that rather
than having a mousepad where your mouth
you're going to track side to side and
up and down and you're going to need way
more you're going to be closer to the
edges on the sides this one you're
actually going to be able to use the
whole surface just like you can track on
your screen okay so it's about the same
size as a 24 inch monitor so that's
actually pretty smart so the thickness
itself is another thing that they are
really saying is important about this is
the closed cell sort of rubber foam so
it's not gonna be going anywhere once
you put it down on your you know there's
not a whole lot to say about a mousepad
hopefully the annotations give you some
idea I want you to have a quick look at
the surface it feels like you're gonna
glide quite easily it's a very fine
cloth weave and they're saying that this
pattern that they printed here will give
very consistent tracking actually that's
one of the dumbest things that I think
is mousepads better for gaming that have
complex graphics on them because as soon
as you pass over a dark black to white
transition or certain other color
changes you're tracking just fails on a
laser or an optical mouse so I'll have a
look at this thank you for checking out
my unboxing of the deer track talent